Update README.md (#82)
explodinggradients/ragas: README.md

    <p>
</h4>

ragas is a framework that helps you evaluate your Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) pipelines. RAG denotes a class of LLM applications that use external data to augment the LLM’s context. There are existing tools and frameworks that help you build these pipelines but evaluating it and quantifying your pipeline performance can be hard... This is where ragas (RAG Assessment) comes in

> ragas provide you with the tools based on the latest research for evaluating LLM-generated text  to give you insights about your RAG pipeline. ragas can be integrated with your CI/CD to provide continuous checks to ensure performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ragas provides you with the tools based on the latest research for evaluating LLM-generated text  to give you insights about your RAG pipeline. ragas can be integrated with your CI/CD to provide continuous checks to ensure performance.
```

The final `ragas_score` is the harmonic mean of individual metric scores. 

To read more about our metrics, check out [docs](/docs/metrics.md).
## 🫂 Community
If you want to get more involved with Ragas, check out our [discord server](https://discord.gg/5djav8GGNZ). It's a fun community where we geek out about LLM, Retrieval, Production issues, and more.

## 🔍 Open Analytics
We track very basic usage metrics to guide us to figure out what our users want, what is working, and what's not. As a young startup, we have to be brutally honest about this which is why we are tracking these metrics. But as an Open Startup, we open-source all the data we collect. You can read more about this [here](https://github.com/explodinggradients/ragas/issues/49). **Ragas does not track any information that can be used to identify you or your company**. You can take a look at exactly what we track in the [code](./src/ragas/_analytics.py)

To disable usage-tracking you set the `RAGAS_DO_NOT_TRACK` flag to true.

## :raising_hand_man: FAQ
1. Why harmonic mean?

> Harmonic means penalize extreme values. For example, if your generated answer is fully factually consistent with the context (faithfulness = 1) but is not relevant to the question (relevancy = 0), a simple average would give you a score of 0.5 but a harmonic mean will give you 0.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Harmonic-Mean penalizes extreme values. For example, if your generated answer is fully factually consistent with the context (faithfulness = 1) but is not relevant to the question (relevancy = 0), a simple average would give you a score of 0.5 but a harmonic mean will give you 0.0
```

this sounds more correct right?
